Update sys-dm-server-memory-dumps-transact-sql.md (#6780)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-server-memory-dumps-transact-sql.md

# sys.dm_server_memory_dumps (Transact-SQL)
[!INCLUDE [SQL Server](../../includes/applies-to-version/sqlserver.md)]

> The sys.dm_server_memory_dumps dynamic management view ( *DMV* ) was introduced in SQL Server 2008 R2 Service Pack 1 ( *SP1* ).
> 
> Returns one row for each memory dump file generated by the [!INCLUDE[ssDEnoversion](../../includes/ssdenoversion-md.md)]. Use this dynamic management view to troubleshoot potential issues.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns one row for each memory dump file generated by the [!INCLUDE[ssDEnoversion](../../includes/ssdenoversion-md.md)]. Use this dynamic management view to troubleshoot potential issues.  

Introduced in [!INCLUDE[sskilimanjaro-md](../../includes/sskilimanjaro-md.md)] Service Pack 1.
```

Thanks for the contribution! Updated styling to use include, standardize.
